[Music]
well great moves keep it up
crowd you my friends we have a crisis on
our hands
there's a virus ravaging the human
population on this planet Earth and no I
am NOT talking about kpop stands I'm
talking about the corona virus there's a
shortage of medical supplies you can't
find masks gloves thermometers you can't
even find rectal thermometers in fact
the people are on Amazon buying up
rectal thermometers really should tell
you just how bad it has gotten here can
I get a way Oh in the comments for
people who had whose mom put a
thermometer in their but take their
temperature a rectal thermometer so let
me start by arming you with the most
important medical supply of all
knowledge knowledge knowledge knowledge
knowledge knowledge knowledge here are
some ideas on how to protect yourself
and the absence of medical supplies let
me just make a quick disclaimer these
are horrible ideas and will not protect
you
so one idea here is to cut the bottom
off a big bottle of water and just place
that right over your head like a dollar
store juggernaut from the x-men nothing
says I love you more than putting a
giant garbage bag over your child and
the stroller itself either where'd you
put it
and if you absolutely have to smoke this
is the way to do it
you know if the virus doesn't get you
then the tar the smoke the stinky ass
spit boy I dare you to take a sniff
inside that mask this is what the
apocalypse looks like my do instead of
currency we are using masks masks are
confirmed the currency of the future
there's really nothing wrong with this
approach and it looks good it's
fashionable many people say that it's
very fashionable it doesn't draw
attention to yourself I think it's
oh this guy went all out dude it is
basically a full-body condom and I've
been saying for a long time that we need
does what is that powder I would like to
know haha keep it going in the midst of
a crisis like this you just throw it
back hmm
I'm ready and the Nobel Peace Prize goes
to this fine gentleman who's strapped a
brassiere to his face I do that even for
free on my spare time he look goes out
of the house I'm actually I didn't
realize I've been preparing for the
coronavirus pretty much my whole life
okay well clearly some of those were not
the best idea here's a tweet from Janet
not Jena Jam downtown Nashville is
undefeated let's see what they're up to
I think this is the night after the
president declared a national emergency
Nashville undefeated baby this is
America and we have a god-given right to
give corona to our grandma and even if
that old [__] dies I'll have at least
had a good night because Nashville is
undefeated hi nice to meet you I know
nice to meet you I'm even take off their
cowboy hat whoo all right that's
Tennessee but uh let's have a look down
in Florida during spring break and see
how responsible these people are being I
get Colonna I get Corona at the end of
the day I'm not gonna let it stop me
from partying it may stop your man and
your parents from living I've been
waiting we've been waiting for Miami
Spring Break for a while about two
months we've had this trip planned to
three months so where's not even having
a good time
whatever happens happens
with my Spring Break what I sort of do
here other than go to the bars or the
beach I think they're blowing it way out
of proportion and I think it's doing way
too much on us bad we need a refund
this virus ain't that serious serious
it's more serious things out there like
hunger and poverty we need to address
that well do we address that before
after all the poor and hungry people die
of coronavirus we're just making the
most of it we met these other people in
our little Airbnb spot so we're just
hanging out with them and trying to get
drunk before everything closes as JFK
famously said ask not what your country
can do for you ask what you can do for
your country
unless it's Spring Break it sucks but
we're gonna make the best of it we're
enjoying all right well let's see what's
going on in good old sophisticated
Europe shall we
Frick the coronavirus brick the
coronavirus part a kaceytron is a twitch
streamer whose comment got her
permanently banned forever from twitch
what did she say if he had the
coronavirus would you kiss him yes and
we would leave quarantine and we would
try to spread it as much as polish as
much as possible because the world would
be a better place without oh my god
Casey I would say that she was joking
but if you look closely at her face she
does not crack a smile
this woman is ready for a corona
genocide what are the kids calling it
the boomer Doomer the boomer groomer the
boomer remover yes the boomer remover
I'm getting dangerously close to being a
boomer here myself so hopefully it just
targets boomers in age and not in
mentality because I may be at risk
Disney star from high school musical
Vanessa Hudgens has this very sensitive
comment to say about coronavirus and
frankly very insightful as well yeah
till July it sounds like a bunch of
[__] I'm sorry but like it's a virus
I get it like I respect it but at the
same time like even if everybody gets it
like yeah people are gonna die it's just
terrible but like there's anyone else
shocked by how callous people are
towards old people and people with
immune deficiency is like people these
kids just don't kick they're like yeah
but it only affects all people like how
callous are we as a society that we
don't care if old people are just
dropping dead like that's all good and
of course this wouldn't be America
without the story of soul-crushing
greedy capitalism maybe and introduce us
to this gentleman here who went between
two state lines on a mad spree to buy up
all the hand sanitizer and both of the
two states buying eight teen thousand
bottles of hand sanitizer resold his
bottles on as on at seventy dollars a
pop unfortunately for this young
entrepreneur Amazon removed his account
entirely for price gouging and now he is
stuck with 18 thousand bottles of hand
sanitizer Colvin bought the sanitizer
with the intention of selling them for
profit on Amazon before they took his
listings down now feeling the same panic
as many others oh crap is the PG way to
say it though he would not discuss on
camera the exact prices he sold the
sanitizer for he told the New York Times
in a recent interview that some items
were listed at $70 a bottle the pricing
on Amazon was higher than it was
definitely higher than retail stating in
a shirt that says family man family
business he says he never anticipated
the struggle other families would go
through because of a shortage when you
say you're sorry sorry for purchase
sorry for buying all of this no I don't
think that I would you know hand Sam's
it was like the hardest flex right now
if you had a bathtub full just dumped
hand sanitizer and be in it that's like
a rappers dream right now dude low wipe
little sandy wipe little sanitize on the
mic coalbed covert make that booty hole
squirt clean it up with TP you know
that's what she likes me I heard you got
a Rolex rolls-royce boy that's nice but
you can't even keep it clean without
that OxiClean Purell and hope no money
no clothes only got wrong
I did what the first time it's nice the
second time will Santa watch I'll roll
back up
you know what these rap videos are fake
ela games stop using to close its doors
despite being ordered by the government
of California they are claiming to be an
essential business that is exempt I can
honestly couldn't think of a better
example of a non-essential business than
gamestop coffee back we've received
reports of local authorities visiting
stores in an attempt to enforce closure
despite our classification store
managers are instructed to give a letter
to law enforcement agents who make
enquiries the document states thank you
for what you are doing to keep us all
safe if you have questions about our
stores hours operations or policies
could you please call our corporate
office dude you guys are making these
basically serve officers with papers I
mean these people are being paid minimum
wage of their ass gonna be like an
attorney for the company game's up know
that if they're not open to trade a $5
store credit for a brand new Xbox -
you're angry grandma is bringing in
because you didn't do your homework
then they're gonna be going out of
business Disney World the happiest place
on earth of course is doing their part
this is in Disney World Florida the day
after national emergency was declared
and you can see that it is shoulder to
shoulder fun my dudes hey bro hey you
can join this man you I'll do the
firework shows what happened yeah our
politicians understand the gravity of
the situation surely they're being as
responsible as possible
[Music]
he's probably fine was everyone worrying
about oh he's in quarantine actually
Matt gays poking a little fun at the
hysteria Congressman Kate's better see
you just left the floor man I'm gonna
fight you're taking this a little are
you taking this boat too seriously
wearing a mask right now it's pretty
funny obviously oh [__] he's he's in
quarantine also oh Rudy Gobert having a
little fun in the post game interview
you know everybody's blowing this way
out of proportion
he tested positive right after this
press conference whole team is out for
tea all right well listen I don't want
to leave you guys in despair I know that
there's no tests available we're out of
medical supplies if you think you caught
it what do we do well fortunately
there's still an answer there's still
solution put your hand on that
television set yes however thank you
Jesus thank you Lord Jesus and by His
stripes I am healed now I'm not the sick
trying to get healed
I'm the healed and the devil's trying to
give me the flu
three or whatever else kind of thing
he's trying yeah he'll and well yes in a
sweet name Jesus amen now after he
healed everybody Kenneth Copeland went
on to tell people that just because
you're afraid of coronavirus doesn't
mean you have to stop paying me fear
this this coronavirus is is faith in its
ability to hurt your kill you
the fear of what are we gonna do I'm
getting laid off at work hey your jobs
not your source if it is you're in
trouble
Jesus is your source whatever you do
right now don't you stop tithing don't
you stop sewing offerings well they
won't let us go to church well email it
in their text
yeah or something but you get your
tithes in that church if you have to go
take it down there and drop it off in
the unstick it under the door or
something you get that tie than that
Church you get that offering in that
church and then you go home and you do
what we're supposed to do a man brother
but tell me Kenneth since you're such a
genius
what exactly is 10% of zero don't you
stop buying teddy fresh you stop even
though you got no income
you got them food stamps you bears trade
those on eBay don't you dare stop buying
Teddy fresh that's such a great racket
isn't it he does even pay tax it's the
best racket ever dude now this next guy
Jim Baker he's a legend he's actually
already been to prison for scamming and
he came out and people are just like
dude this guy he's all about Jesus sign
me back up here he is selling a silver
solution which he claims of course not
only kills the coronavirus but it pretty
much will bring your dead man back to
life as well
this influenza that is now circling the
gold you're saying that silver solution
would be effective well let's say it
hasn't been tested on this strain of the
corona virus but it's been tested on
other stranger out of the corona virus
and has been able to eliminate it within
12 hours yeah we are dealing with an
unprecedented crisis on our hands or
what's crazy about this is that in
catastrophes like this happened it's
usually this community or this country
that's affected but this time it's the
whole world I hope that through this
tragedy there will at least be a silver
lining of us all coming together to stop
handshaking once and for all it's so
easy first all to walk around and act
like we aren't so intimately
interconnected but one dude eats a bat
in China and I can't leave my house stay
safe stay inside do not shake hands do
not breathe we're gonna get through this
and the words of the great car DB let me
end it on what she said come on
go around a virus I'm setting it's real
get a room
[Music]